SecureLayer agent for Django Projects
=====================================

Application django-securelayer allows your site to get SSL faster.

It uses [https://securelayer.ru/](https://securelayer.ru/) as backend. Feel free to join us. Secure your forms!

## Installation ##

Install application into system

    python setup.py install

or use PIP

Add 'securelayer' into 'INSTALLED_APPS' in settings.py.

Add the following parameters into settings.py:

    SECURELAYER_HOST = 'securelayer.ru'
    SECURELAYER_PORT = 443
    GPG_HOMEDIR = '<PATH TO/gpgring>'
    GPG_PASSPHRASE = '<PASSWORD FOR YOUR PRIVATE GPG KEY>'

## GPG key pair generation ##

Edit PGP template (see gen_key.template) and change <VALUES> as you wish.

Generate your own PGP key pair:

    gpg --homedir=<PATH TO/gpgring> --batch --gen-key <PATH TO/gen_key.template>

## Register your Web site ##

Register your account on [https://securelayer.ru/](https://securelayer.ru/) and submit your PGP public key there.

## Secure your Web forms ##

Let your form to work with SecureLayer:

  a) add the following into your forms' module:

    from securelayer import SecuredForm

  b) inherite your form from SecuredForm, not forms.Form.

  c) add the following into your views' module:

    from securelayer import views as securelayer

  d) prepend your view with the decorator:

    @securelayer.form(<form_class>,
                      caption=ugettext(u'The title of a form.'),
                      desc=ugettext(u'Enter here a form's description.'))

  e) process your form with a code like this:

    if request.method == 'POST' or \
       'JSON' == getattr(form, 'source', None):
        if form.is_valid():
            form.save()
            return redirect('post_success_view')

## License ##

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2011 Ruslan Popov

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
